Demisto-sdk release 1.32.3 (#4633)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## 1.32.3 (2024-10-29)
### Breaking
* Fixed an issue where integrations and scripts validations didn't run in builds. [#4609](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4609)

### Feature
* Added BA127 new validation. The validation checks that the level of depth of the context output path in the yml is lower or equal to 5 in XSOAR supported content items. [#4490](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4490)

> * Added RM116 validation to the new validate flow. The validation ensure that every playbook has an image and that the image is located under doc_files folder. [#4538](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4538)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added RM116 validation to the new validate format. The validation ensure that every playbook has an image and that the image is located under doc_files folder. [#4538](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4538)
```

* Added Python 3.12 support. [#4598](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4598)
* Added the ***hidden:marketplacev2*** field to the StrictScript pydantic object since it was recently added to the script schema. [#4610](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4610)

### Fix
* Removed IN161 - invalid siem marketplace from the old validate. [#4609](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4609)

> * Fixed an issue where docker logged debug messages as info. [#4500](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4500)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where docker logged debug level messages as info level. [#4500](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4500)
```

* Improved docker registry logs. [#4601](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4601)
* Fixed the StrictScript pydantic object to contain the new field ***hidden:marketplacev2*** just as a field in Argument. [#4615](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4615)
* Fixed an issue where docker validation didn't run in new validate. [#4603](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4603)
* Fixed an issue where tasks calling playbooks were forced to have their names match the playbook ID. [#4602](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4602)

### Internal

> * RM106 validation - updated the validation message to reflect the problem is in the README file. [#4604](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4604)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  Modified the RM106 validation message to reflect the problem in the README file. [#4604](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4604)
```

* Update SDK documentation. [#4599](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4599)

> * Moved RN111 validation to the new validate format - the validation ensures that the docker documented in the yml file matches the one in the RN. [#4619](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4619)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Moved RN111 validation to the new validate format. The validation ensures that the docker documented in the yml file matches the one in the Release Notes. [#4619](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4619)
```
